# SỬ DỤNG CONNETEDPAPERS

### You can use Connected Papers to:

##### Get a visual overview of a new academic field

Enter a typical paper and we'll build you a graph of similar papers in the field. Explore and build more graphs for interesting papers that you find - soon you'll have a real, visual understanding of the trends, popular works and dynamics of the field you're interested in.



##### Make sure you haven't missed an important paper

In some fields like Machine Learning, so many new papers are published it's hard to keep track. With Connected Papers you can just search and visually discover important recent papers. No need to keep lists.



##### Create the bibliography for your thesis

Start with the references that you will definitely want in your bibliography and use Connected Papers to fill in the gaps and find the rest!



##### Discover the most relevant prior and derivative works

Use our Prior Works view to find important ancestor works in your field of interest. Use our Derivative Works view to find literature reviews of the field, as well as recently published State of the Art that followed your input paper.



### How does it work?

- **To create each graph, we analyze an order of ~50,000 papers** and select the few dozen with the strongest connections to the origin paper.
- In the graph, **papers are arranged according to their similarity**. That means that even papers that do not directly cite each other can be strongly connected and very closely positioned. Connected Papers is not a citation tree.
- Our similarity metric is based on the concepts of ***Co-citation\* and \*Bibliographic Coupling\*.** According to this measure, two papers that have highly overlapping citations and references are presumed to have a higher chance of treating a related subject matter.
- Our algorithm then builds a ***Force Directed Graph\*** to distribute the papers in a way that visually clusters similar papers together and pushes less similar papers away from each other. Upon node selection we **highlight the shortest path from each node to the origin paper** in similarity space.
- Our database is connected to the [Semantic Scholar Paper Corpus](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/09e3cf5704bcb16e6657f6ceed70e93373a54618) (licensed under ODC-BY). Their team has done an amazing job of compiling **hundreds of millions of published papers across many scientific fields.**



**Tham khảo:**

[ConnectedPapers](https://www.connectedpapers.com/)
